# Predicting Major League Baseball World Series Winners
Baseball is “America’s Pastime”, a game that has been played for over 150 years. Its roots run deep from generation to generation. Millions of fans pour into ballparks every year to see their beloved team and favorite players slug home runs, make highlight reel defensive plays, and just simply get to step back in time and be kids again for a few hours on a hot summer afternoon. At the end of the day, players, coaches, front office executives and fans all share a common desire: to win the World Series.

Countless factors go into one team’s success in a particular year. The players, their families, the millions of world-wide fans, the team management, coaching staff, weather, the techniques, the game rules, and just plain old luck. These factors are just a few of the enormous, complex equation of factors that go into the success of one team. The impacts are equally enormous. Think of all the people who we just mentioned. They, and the rest of America, waiting with bated breath in their living rooms, in sports bars and backyard barbecues, are incredibly invested in the outcome of this once a year World Series Championship. The problem we will address is how we can predict, using a team’s statistics in a given season, whether they are likely to win the World Series Championship. We have found a dataset called “Baseball Databank” off Kaggle, which contains a file titled “Teams.csv”. This file contains season statistics for each team from all the way back to 1871 until 2015. Which features, factors or variables will be most influential in determining with greatest accuracy the winner of the World Series? 
